Fast spendability (#1116)
zcash/zcash-android-wallet-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## Unreleased
- `CompactBlockProcessor` now processes compact blocks from the lightwalletd server with **Spend-before-Sync** algorithm 
  (i.e. non-linear order). This feature shortens the time after which a wallet's spendable balance can be used.
- The block synchronization mechanism is about one-third faster thanks to the optimized 
`CompactBlockProcessor.SYNC_BATCH_SIZE`. Issue **#1206**.

### Removed
- `CompactBlockProcessor.ProcessorInfo.lastSyncHeight` which the SDK is no longer able to provide because of the new
  **SpendBeforeSync** synchronization algorithm adoption. Use `CompactBlockProcessor.ProcessorInfo.overallSyncRange` 
  which contains all blocks in case of `SpendBeforeSync` synchronization algorithm. No internal change was made in 
  case of older Linear synchronization algorithm.
- `CompactBlockProcessor.ProcessorInfo.isSyncing`. Use `Synchronizer.status` instead.
- `CompactBlockProcessor.ProcessorInfo.syncProgress`. Use `Synchronizer.progress` instead.

> - `alsoClearBlockCache` parameter from rewind functions of `Synchronizer` and `CompactBlockProcessor` as it take no 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `alsoClearBlockCache` parameter from rewind functions of `Synchronizer` and `CompactBlockProcessor`, as it has no 
```

> - `alsoClearBlockCache` parameter from rewind functions of `Synchronizer` and `CompactBlockProcessor` as it take no 
>   effect on the current rewind functionality result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `alsoClearBlockCache` parameter from rewind functions of `Synchronizer` and `CompactBlockProcessor`, as it has no 
  effect on the current behaviour of these functions.
```

- Internally, we removed access to the shared block table from the Kotlin layer, which resulted in eliminating these 
  APIs:

>   - `SdkSynchornizer.findBlockHash()`
>   - `SdkSynchornizer.findBlockHashAsHex()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `SdkSynchronizer.findBlockHash()`
  - `SdkSynchronizer.findBlockHashAsHex()`
```

### Changed
- `CompactBlockProcessor.quickRewind()` and `CompactBlockProcessor.rewindToNearestHeight()` now might fail due to
  internal changes in getting scanned height. Thus, these functions return `Boolean` results.
- `Synchronizer.new()` requires a new `walletInitMode` parameter of type `WalletInitMode`, which describes wallet
  initialization mode. See related function and sealed class documentation.

### Fixed
- `Synchronizer.getMemos()` now correctly returns a flow of strings for sent and received transactions. Issue **#1154**.
- `CompactBlockProcessor` now triggers transaction polling while block synchronization is in progress as expected.

>   Clients will be notified briefly after every new transaction is discovered via `Synchronizer.transactions` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Clients will be notified shortly after every new transaction is discovered via `Synchronizer.transactions` API.
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you, Daira, for proofreading our texts!
